[NativeAOT-LLVM] Wasm managed threads - build new nupkg (#3060)
dotnet/runtimelab: docs/workflow/building/coreclr/nativeaot.md

Once you build the repo, you can use the produced binaries in one of four ways specified below ("Using built binaries", "Building packages", "Convenience Visual Studio "repro" project", "Running tests").

## Building for Multithreaded packages

> This is a work in progress and far from functional.  Currentlty there exists just enough infrastucture to build packages for mutlithreaded runtime and libs, but they are not functional in the sense that they support multithreaded programs yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a work in progress and far from functional.  Currently there exists just enough infrastructure to build packages for multithreaded runtime and libs, but they are not functional in the sense that they support multithreaded programs yet.
```

To build the browser multithreaded packages:
```
build clr.aot+libs+nativeaot.packages -c Debug -a wasm -os browser '/p:WasmEnableThreads=true'
```
To build the runtime tests for browser
```

> src\tests\build nativeaot Debug wasm tree nativeaot browser /p:LibrariesConfiguration=debug /p:TestWrapperTargetsWindows=true /p:WasmEnableThreads=true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
src\tests\build nativeaot Debug wasm tree nativeaot browser /p:LibrariesConfiguration=debug /p:WasmEnableThreads=true
```
Or is it needed for some reason?

Once you build the repo, you can use the produced binaries in one of four ways specified below ("Using built binaries", "Building packages", "Convenience Visual Studio "repro" project", "Running tests").

## Building for Multithreaded packages

This is a work in progress and far from functional.  Currentlty there exists just enough infrastucture to build packages for mutlithreaded runtime and libs, but they are not functional in the sense that they support multithreaded programs yet.  To build the WASI packages:
```

> build clr.aot+libs+nativeaot.packages -c Debug -a wasm -os wasi -cmakeargs -DCLR_CMAKE_TARGET_OS_SUBGROUP=multithread '/p:WasmEnableThreads=true'

Reviewer 2: We should funnel `/p:WasmEnableThreads` down to cmake/clang automatically. E. g. the libs native build sets `CMAKE_USE_PTHREADS`, we can extended that pattern to the CoreCLR's `runtime.proj`.

Author: done
